Add dist config docs (#194)
Oneflow-Inc/libai: docs/source/tutorials/Model_Zoo.md

## Parallelism Mode in LiBai
A collection of parallel training strategies is supported in LiBai:
- **Data Parallel Training**
- **Tensor Parallel Training**
- **Pipeline Parallel Training**

> You can refer to oneflow official [tutorial](https://docs.oneflow.org/en/master/parallelism/01_introduction.html) for better understanding the basic conception about parallelization techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to oneflow official [tutorial](https://docs.oneflow.org/en/master/parallelism/01_introduction.html) for a better understanding of the basic conception of parallelization techniques.
```

Author: 已改~
